boy oh girl
we have a daughter the names are morgan
victor why did you give him the starter
remember who you are in there
everything is gonna be fine i will find
a way to get to you
i needed to curry favor with her we can
do more damage from the inside
morgan jones is dead and you were
dealing with somebody else now
i want your word that you're gonna keep
us all together no can do
you're each gonna go where i think is
best i think we can make it work here
we don't need her i'm gonna need you to
tell me everything you know about that
helicopter you mentioned
we're just gonna turn ourselves in is
that what's happening she can take us
wherever she wants
we need that key
[Music]
you're gonna have to wait somewhere else
did i do what did they catch me doing
i'm gonna find a way back to each other
i know
what are you doing in the building we're
just trying to get to the roof you're
with them
we're not with anybody i'm gonna find
grace
i'm gonna find the rest of them and i'm
gonna bring them here how long have they
been sick
a few days is everyone everyone who's
left
i can stay let them go i hope you make
it i know how
so that sounds like a deal to me i play
congrats
i think it's an accident i think someone
made these people sick
like jenny this place is kind of rough
around the edges
[Music]
jenna didn't tell you no she transferred
man based out of lot
now for that you were never to leave my
side again virginia's my sister
i wanted to get away from her find
people that would help me do that
my sister i need you to make sure she's
all right everything i've done
it is all because i wanted her to be
safe wait
i reassigned you alicia to what where
somewhere far away from me
watch her samuels with me let's check
and see if there's a hoard up ahead
this wasn't the win victor
i need you alicia you're the only one
who can help me
our convoy was attacked what happened to
tank town
it's gone where's dakota
we think she drove to escape the attack
when you find her click three times
[Applause]
don't worry it won't hurt nearly as much
as you think
it's okay at least ask me dakota you're
okay
who attacked you you must have seen
something a lot walkers came out of the
woods
and my name are you from the communities
that virginia's franchised to
i'm not answering any of your questions
too got this whole place locked up
dakota we can't leave
but i cannot go back to her did she
really kill your parents
alicia what are you doing on this
channel
i'm with dakota your convoy got hit most
the rangers are dead
let me go charlie too no questions asked
yeah yeah we do
[Music]
she killed your family she killed mine
too
so got his keys and these two
why'd you do this please
we heard the gunshot and we heard what
you said on the walkie
yeah i had some help i found a spot
i've been building it up ever since
virginia's got people who are important
to us we got somebody who's important to
her so
you want to use her as leverage i don't
want
you attacked a convoy virginia has our
people at alicia
the ones we haven't already lost and we
got to get them back
i will do whatever it takes
to get us all there i can't do your way
the coder is welcome
you all are calling you
i'm glad you're all right i'm taking you
back to lot just come on with me
you should you should come with us join
us you'll have targets on your backs for
the rest of your lives
i won't
come on
is she safe yes yes this is with morgan
alicia and charlie too i told you the
day would come when i would call you up
for the big show
today is that day victor
victor grace i want every single person
we took from that damn gulch
you